README.md, before:

# Project

> This repo has been populated by an initial template to help get you started. Please
> make sure to update the content to build a great experience for community-building.

As the maintainer of this project, please make a few updates:

- Improving this README.MD file to provide a great experience
- Updating SUPPORT.MD with content about this project's support experience
- Understanding the security reporting process in SECURITY.MD
- Remove this section from the README

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

Initialize repo with README (#1)
* Init README.md

* add solution fig

* update readme

* fix figure path

README.md, after:

# Text Hallucination Detection and Reduction: CoNLI

### We will soon release the code and datasets

Python implementation of our paper: [Chain of Natural Language Inference for Reducing Large Language Model Ungrounded Hallucinations](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.03951).

We propose a generic post-edit framework based on OpenAI GPT to effectively detect and mitigate hallucinations.
<p align="center"><img src="fig/CoNLI.png" width="850"/></p>

Large language models (LLMs) can generate fluent natural language texts when given relevant documents as background context. This ability has attracted considerable interest in developing industry applications of LLMs. However, LLMs are prone to generate hallucinations that are not supported by the provided sources. In this paper, we propose a hierarchical framework to detect and mitigate such ungrounded hallucination. Our framework uses Chain of Natural Language Inference (CoNLI) for hallucination detection and hallucination reduction via post-editing. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on hallucination detection and enhances text quality through rewrite, using LLMs without any fine-tuning or domain-specific prompt engineering. We show that this simple plug-and-play framework can serve as an effective choice for hallucination detection and reduction, achieving competitive performance across various contexts.

If you find the repository or CoNLI helpful, please cite the following paper
```bibtex
@article{lei2023chain,
  title={Chain of Natural Language Inference for Reducing Large Language Model Ungrounded Hallucinations},
  author={Lei, Deren and Li, Yaxi and Wang, Mingyu and Yun, Vincent and Ching, Emily and Kamal, Eslam and others},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2310.03951},
  year={2023}
}
```
